but if we come from that side and we
ask And how is it? And why
should this distance between us be
some kind of independent country? We can
challenge this correctly, after all, it is
our territory if our people are there and
our people are here  and this some
interval of unknown people who
cannot associate themselves, for example, with
some state with some Well, like
an ethnic group with some Well, historical
data and they are generally not a
state
Why ask why do you need it
correctly Hello,
where are you from  I am from the Russian Federation And what city is
Sudzha Cool I am one of the representatives of
those people who your native reb
Lgov we are still under Russian occupation
but we are waiting for liberators from
Ukraine and we will also
Lgovskoye with Sudzhanskoye unite
together into
Kursk right I agree We have  an
autonomous power source such as the
Kursk nuclear power plant with
which we will simply be independent and we will
absolutely not need gas we will simply
start buying Chinese not even Chinese
We can even buy American devices
since we will  import our
electrics correctly Ukraine does not I think
no look You are
looking at the economy of the future of our
state Kursk People's Republic a little flatly
You rely only on internal
resources but it seems to me that our
territory will be quite interesting for
many countries for example we can
lease the territory for NATO base Yes
still flight time to Moscow It
will be quite interesting for our
partners who will
pay generously for example you know
We need a Tandem because how will you
deal with I will deal with the internal
accordingly I am an agrarian I am more Well like
aimed at growing our
crops because we have  the territory is
just like in Ukraine there are huge
territories that can produce
wheat, corn, etc., etc. and
we can also export
all these grains for import. You see, that's the question. And
you will be
Boshe
correctly communicating with those people who
can put the Kurdish People's
Republic  it will still be a
democratic state and our
residents will decide Yes what are we Well I think that we
need to make it an autonomous people's
republic
of the composition it would be it would be more more
logical at the moment for the next
few years here is the question
or Ukraine risks we will not turn off yet
Russian television Russian
television will also interfere with us a lot
and in order to turn it off
we need some amount of
time I already look
I already look I already negotiated
with Vladimir Zelensky yes about the inclusion of
our future Lgovskoye uh Lgovskiy
district in the composition
Uh, as if as part of the Kursk autonomy as
part of Ukraine, Vladimir Aleksandrovich
said that such an idea was discussed at the
meeting of the RNBO, but
they rejected it because Ukraine wants to
have us as an independent buffer
state
between us and the Russian Federation in
order to show other regions of
Russia that it is possible to live without Russia  well at the
same time we can give the Bryansk
People's Republic for tearing apart this
buffer zone correctly When we will
already be one of the independent states
that will already be recognized in one way or another
as an independent state
within some state Well, let's say
autonomously we can simply say
Look here  to Bryansk it is still free
Take it I don't want it right here we are already
all here here Look the thing is that
Bryansk Bryansk region is such an
artificial geopolitical
formation that was invented
Lenin Look, in the times of Rus', there was no Bryansk region. Lenin came up with this. He took the Bryansk region and drew it up. Therefore, the Bryansk region as such should be liquidated. Part of it should be annexed to the Kursk People's Republic, part of it to the Voronezh People's Republic. Yes, that's why there is no Bryansk region as an independent entity. I think will not exist after all these acceptances of our republic into the composition is correct And we still forgot to talk about the green wedge, you understand But here if we go from behind As they say Well, we are not going back and so on and so forth but if we go from that side and we will ask How is that possible Why is this distance between us supposed to be some independent country We can dispute this right this is still our territory if our people are there and our people are here but this some kind of unknown gap people who cannot associate themselves, for example, with some state, with some, well, like, ethnicity, with some, well, historical data, and they do not confirm their identity at all. As a state, then why?  could we
ask why you need it right Yeah
uh Green Wedge is of course a territory
populated by our ethnic Ukrainians
But still this is a historical
Manchurian gestures of goodwill and uh this
coordination of benevolent uh
partnerships with our brothers Slavs
Japanese Mongols and Chinese Yes we  we
will transfer Green Wedge to the disposal of
these three countries, yes, that is, the Russian
Federation. When everything is dismantled,
then the Sakha Republic will be
divided into these three states. People
living in the territory of Green Wedge will
receive certain compensation. Yes, and they
will be resettled in the
liquidated  Bryansk region
which will go to part of the Voronezh
People's Republic part of the Kursk region that
is we
[applause]
will make a historical restoration of
justice Tsarist Russia is
an occupation it took our
Ukrainian Slavs and sent them there to Mandzha we
will now do repatriation you know
how the Jews did repatriation to Israel
we are here  on  our historical lands of Rus' will be repatriated after all It seems to me that you need to engage in foreign policy more than And I will still engage in domestic policy because here, by the way, the interest of each of us lies in the independence of our future young state which will give another impetus to all states that can from to unite from the Russian Federation at the moment is correct Well I think so Yes I think that we as the Kursk People's Republic will be the vanguard of the third stage of the collapse of the Russian Empire the first stage of the collapse of the Russian Empire was in 1917 yes when the Soviet Union collapsed In ninety-first It was yes it was the second stage of the collapse of the Russian Empire and now this artificial geopolitical formation that Lenin invented the RSFSR Yes, it was not. Here I look at ancient maps Rurik was Yes, no FSR existed, no Federation existed, it was an artificially invented formation And now the Kursk People's Republic will act as the vanguard the collapse of the Russian Federation Yes, we will simply put in other people Well, look at the fact We can And why not you We are the same as you By the way, we were like this
we'll show the passport and we'll be a separate state in a seemingly independent big state that can't be broken up that's all I'll say this yes I'll say this also like when Vladimir Yes in 1988 baptized Rus Yes he said I baptized Rus but after 1,000 years Yes, in short, the Mongols will attack, all sorts of things will attack, then in short, there will be Russian, Belarusian, and in 1,000 years, uh, these Heirs of mine, you must restore historical justice and once again gather the lands of Rus' under the uh government. By the way, I'll tell you that another message from him in the telegram remained here. by the way, it's true, there was such a message in telegram, you see, and they even expanded the whole post about it completely. Here's how he entered the water, how he came out of the water, and all the words are completely underlined and even in red, and here, here, you can't argue, here, Well, it seems to me no, look The thing is that during Vladimir's time Telegram was banned in Rus' Yes, because it was considered an enemy development Yes, it was used like this  I used
WhatsApp, there is his correspondence
in WhatsApp, it has been confirmed by historians in Telegram,
now they are arguing whether it was a forgery from the
late 15th century because
the style is the same as it was now, the
linguistic examination of the style of the
messages
indicates that they were written not in the 10th
century but much later, when the language was already
a little  changed
transformed well And what about
Viber Viber was also an alternative to the
same messages but in that century
you see this messenger who ran through
300 well miles But he still ran
there and how can we discuss this In terms of
Well like it was right  or
wrong look if we ban
Telegram WhatsApp we can't
confirm this data How can we
comply here anyway Well he
was this well how not to renounce this
By the way yes there is a Ukrainian historian
Vitaly Drebni he published a monograph
about uh how  Prince Vladimir's message in the
school's Viber parent chat Yes,
because there was a school in Vasilkov  Where did
his son Yaroslav go and there were there are
preserved records of parent-teacher
meetings about homework about the problem
When there was the Polovtsian Invasion then
distance education was at
that time and it is very very interesting here
Vitaly drebni look for he made a whole
monograph of analysis of these Viber messages
from the parent chat where Father
Vladimir Svyatoslavovich, father of Yaroslav
the Wise, expressed his thoughts, congratulated,
sent there, Christ is risen, in short,
there and all sorts of such Happy
Teacher's Day, that is, in the housing and communal services chats at the
moment, these are the same messages that
were Well, as if you
remember, look if they
they say that well, like we'll
freeze the gas, etc., etc. Well, we'll leave without heat
in the winter Well, in the winter, in the cold, it
turns out that it was there from those
times, right, they still communicated in these
chats and still told
the same thing  threatened 1,000 years ago and
now we can even raise it all
Although for nothing  from the swamps of toads when they Well,
as they say, they gave out their gases a little bit
correctly these toads here we sort of sort of
sort of sort of used this Although they melted
this whole summer and the Moscow
state was built Well, sort of Muscovy became and the
state is correct about The
fact is that look you are very
correct  noticed that tradition is a
very long-standing thing, as uh,
they described it in pre-Christian
times, psaki, and they still describe it now,
and when it used to be in school
Vibers, they wrote and congratulated on
Teacher's Day, congratulated on religious
holidays, and it still is because
tradition has such a history  belief that if in the
school chat you don't congratulate everyone on
Teacher's Day, don't congratulate everyone on Easter,
Merry Christmas, Miner's Day,
Nurse's Day, yes, then there will be some kind of
heavenly punishment because in the Bible as it is written
the Gospel of Andrew 1488 it was written
read Viber chats  And  don't forget to
congratulate on all
the holidays Well, here you
can't argue with me at all, so I
can't stand it on this note anymore I
mean, are you kidding
me? I agree, no Wait, how come no, that's it. That is, you You've been making fun of me all this time,
why am I  I just wanted to get
all these historical
facts out of you I opened my soul to you I no No look
I found a person for the first time on chatroulette
who understands all these things Yes to
whom you can open up I told this
to my granny near my entrance They laughed at me they
thought I was crazy And you
really No why did I just
pull out all the historical facts from you that I
will write down in the chronicle this
will be a super good
impromptu Glory to Ukraine Glory to the Kursk
People's
Republic of
Ukraine Awesome just
impromptu
bomb bomb there was a letter
on my Telegram right now axis VN
apok this is very and very important YouTube  zana
us through scarg Orcs in your ban and very
much video not  I show people sometimes I don't
show information about streams. That's why
I write the latest news
right now, and while there's a
telegram, there's still interesting and
useful information and we owe it to you to
keep the latest news and to
show you the
YouTube process.  Glory to Ukraine
subscribe N